49: Felicitations! Vous avez trouve le message numero 4. Ici je vous decrirai un code secret employe pour crypter un des autres messages caches. J'ai echange les caracteres entre 32 et 126 d'une facon que caractere 32 a ete mis dans la place de 126, 33 echange avec 125, 34 avec 124, etc. Vous aurez besoin d'ecrire un programme pour decrypter le message. Voici un indice qui pourrait vous aider a ecrire votre programme: Quelle est la somme des chiffres qui representent les deux caracteres echanges?

15835: Congratulations! You have found message #1. What you know know is that your batch processing program works. The rest of the messages might be easy to find, but they won't be so easy to decipher. I know you've already written some cipher classes. Here's your first hint. One of the messages is encoded with a substitution cipher such that the ASCII characters 32-126 correspond to the following string: this backwards apostrophe thing is the first character in the string-->`1234567890-=qwertyuiop[]\asdfghjkl;'zxcvbnm,./~!@#$%^&*()_+QWERTYUIOP{}|ASDFGHJKL:"ZXCVBNM<>? <--this space is the last character in the string. I'm not going to tell you which file is encrypted using a the substitution cipher, so hopefully you've narrowed your list down far enough where you can run your decryption on each file until you find the one with a hidden message. Have fun finding the rest!

Remember 10359 - might be encrypted, not too sure

Remember 7271 - Message 8 (More Wikipedia). Steganography is the art and science of writing hidden messages in such a way that no one, apart from the sender and intended recipient, suspects the existence of the message, a form of security through obscurity. The word steganography is of Greek origin and means "concealed writing". The first recorded use of the term was in 1499 by Johannes Trithemius in his Steganographia, a treatise on cryptography and steganography disguised as a book on magic. Generally, messages will appear to be something else: images, articles, shopping lists, or some other covertext and, classically, the hidden message may be in invisible ink between the visible lines of a private letter. The advantage of steganography, over cryptography alone, is that messages do not attract attention to themselves. Plainly visible encrypted messages no matter how unbreakable will arouse suspicion, and may in themselves be incriminating in countries where encryption is illegal. Therefore, whereas cryptography protects the contents of a message, steganography can be said to protect both messages and communicating parties. Steganography includes the concealment of information within computer files. In digital steganography, electronic communications may include steganographic coding inside of a transport layer, such as a document file, image file, program or protocol. Media files are ideal for steganographic transmission because of their large size. As a simple example, a sender might start with an innocuous image file and adjust the color of every 100th pixel to correspond to a letter in the alphabet, a change so subtle that someone not specifically looking for it is unlikely to notice it.


4004: This is message number 2. Another hidden message is encrypted using a Caesar Cipher. I'm not going to tell you the shift or tell you which file it is. However, I will give you a couple hints: 1) The file number is prime. 2) The amount of the shift is a value in the Fibonacci series. If you still have trouble finding it, then reread the description of the Caesar cipher in the project description. I also encoded one file with the Veginere cipher. The keyword is the name of a famous mechanical ciphering maching invented by German engineer Arthur Scherbius at the end of World War I. (The keyword is in all lowercase letters.) Use teamwork. Let two people find the Caesar and two find the Veginere.

7474?

10005: This is message five. I'm running out of stuff to write. Here's some plagarism from Wikipedia: SETI@home ("SETI at home") is an Internet-based public volunteer computing project employing the BOINC software platform, hosted by the Space Sciences Laboratory, at the University of California, Berkeley, in the United States. SETI is an acronym for the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence. Its purpose is to analyze radio signals, searching for signs of extra terrestrial intelligence, and is one of many activities undertaken as part of SETI.

1597: This is message #7. The Caesar cipher made me think of this memorable dialog in the classic movie, Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. Bill: Mr. Ryan, before you say anything, my distinguished colleague Ted and I wish to express to you our thanks for all the things we have learned in your class. Mr. Ryan: And what have you learned? Bill: We have, uh, we've learned that the world has a great history. Ted: Yes, and that thanks to leaders such as Genghis Khan, Joan of Arc, and Socratic Method, the world is full of history. Mr. Ryan: It seems to me that the only thing you have learned is that Caesar was a salad dressing dude. Bill, Ted, this is really quite simple. You have flunked every section of this class. Now unless you get an A+ on your final oral report tomorrow, guys, I have no choice but to flunk the both of you. Do you understand? Both: Yes sir. (Outside the School) Ted: Bill, what are we supposed to know for our report? Bill: I'm not sure. One thing I know is that Joan of Arc is not Noah's wife. Ted: Well then who is Noah's wife?

2800: The html one


12499 - V whatever
16499 - encrypted

9132

12499 - Message 9. Did you read the message about Steganograpy? Pretty interesting, isn't it? Now I'll bet you're wondering where the last message is. One teacher photo on the J.L. Mann website has a PNG file extension rather than JPG. That image has a message hidden inside. You can check the file extensions by right-clicking on each image to open it in a new tab. Download the image and then use the blue_steganography.py program from https://github.com/joncoop/blue_steganography to extract the final message from the picture. And here's another interesting thing about the Vigenere cipher... Because several different shifts are used, the character distribution of encrypted text is much flatter than with a Caesar cipher where all characters are shifted amount. I needed to type quite a bit more text in this message just so the chi-square value would stand out for this ciphered text.